Java hashmap contains values entry (#4411)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/map/terms/containsValue/containsValue.md

---
Title: 'containsValue()' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed
Description: 'A map method used to check if a given value is present' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a present-tense verb (used in search engine results and content previews)
Subjects: 
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'map'
  - 'hashmap'
  - 'java'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The map method **containsValue()** is used to determine whether a map contains a given value. It returns a boolean value. The boolean value will return true if the map has one or more keys that map to the given value. If the map does not contain the given value, it will return false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.containsValue()`** method determines whether a map contains the given value. The method returns the boolean value `true` if the map has one or more keys that map to the given value and `false` if the map does not contain the given value.
```

## Syntax

```java
map.containsValue(value);
```

- value: This can be any type of Object

## Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The example below creates a hashmap for flowers, where the string represents its name and the integer represents the quantity. Then the integer is used with `.contiansValue()` as given below:

```

```java

> import java.util.HashMap;
> 
> public class FlowerInventory{
>   
>   public static void main(String[] args) {
> 
>     //Create a hashmap for flowers where the string represents the name of the flower and the integer represents the quantity of the flower
>     Map<String, Integer> inventory = new HashMap<String, Integer>();
>     inventory.put("Roses", 10);
>     inventory.put("Lillies", 5);
>     inventory.put("Tulips", 1);
> 
>     System.out.println("Flowers that have a quantity of 10 is present? " + inventory.containsValue(10)); //Output: Flowers that have a quantity of 10 is present? true
>     System.out.println("Flowers that have a quantity of 3 is present?" + inventory.containsValue(0)); // Output: Flowers that have a quantity of 3 is present? false
>   }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import java.util.HashMap;

public class FlowerInventory{
  public static void main(String[] args) {

    HashMap<String, Integer> inventory = new HashMap<String, Integer>();
    inventory.put("Roses", 10);
    inventory.put("Lillies", 5);
    inventory.put("Tulips", 1);

    System.out.println("Flowers that have a quantity of 10 is present? - " + inventory.containsValue(10));
    System.out.println("Flowers that have a quantity of 3 is present? - " + inventory.containsValue(0));
  }
}
```
Solved the error this code was throwing. Please remember to run you code as we want the code to be actually working.

> ```

Reviewer: After this add this:
The about of the above code block is:

Followed by the output inside of ` ```shell ``` ` block.
The output I received on running the working code is as follows:
Flowers that have a quantity of 10 is present? - true
Flowers that have a quantity of 3 is present? - false
